Add quotes around base64 auth params (#210)
ietf-wg-privacypass/base-drafts: draft-ietf-privacypass-auth-scheme.md

When used in an authentication challenge, the "PrivateToken" scheme uses the
following attributes:

> - "challenge", which is a quoted string containing a base64url-encoded {{!RFC4648}}
> TokenChallenge value. Since the length of the challenge is not fixed, the base64url
> data MUST include padding. This MUST be unique for every 401 HTTP response to prevent
> replay attacks. This attribute is required for all challenges.

Author: ```suggestion
- "challenge", which contains a base64url-encoded {{!RFC4648}} TokenChallenge
 value. Since the length of the challenge is not fixed, the base64url value MUST
 include padding. As an Authentication Parameter (`auth-param` from {{!RFC9110}}),
 the value can be either a token or a quoted-string, depending on if the base64url string
 includes "=" characters. This challenge value MUST be unique for every 401 HTTP
 response to prevent replay attacks. This attribute is required for all challenges.
```

Reviewer: "depending on if the base64url string includes "=" characters" -> "and might be required to ba quoted-string if...."

Author: Updated!

> - "token-key", which is a quoted string containing a base64url encoding of the public
> key for use with the issuance protocol indicated by the challenge. Since the length of
> the key is not fixed, the base64url data MUST include padding. This attribute MAY
> be omitted in deployments where clients are able to retrieve the issuer key using
> an out-of-band mechanism.

Author: ```suggestion
- "token-key", which contains a base64url encoding of the public key for
use with the issuance protocol indicated by the challenge. Since the length of
the key is not fixed, the base64url value MUST include padding. As an
Authentication Parameter (`auth-param` from {{!RFC9110}}), the value can be
either a token or a quoted-string, depending on if the base64url string
includes "=" characters. This attribute MAY be omitted in deployments where
clients are able to retrieve the issuer key using an out-of-band mechanism.
```

Reviewer: (same type of comment here; the recipient needs to handle both formats no matter what)

Author: Updated!
